Release r1.1 (Release Candidate) (#167)
camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut: README.md

  * Bi-Weekly, Wednesdays 16:00 - 17:00 CET/CEST
* Meeting link: [Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_M2UzOTNhOWItMmNkNC00NDVjLWIzYjAtYzgxNDBkOGY2MjFi%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%229744600e-3e04-492e-baa1-25ec245c6f10%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%2219764050-b5d5-4991-9f15-d10905a94c08%22%7d)

## Status and released versions
* **The Release [r1.1 - rc](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#r1.1---rc) for the Carrier Billing APIs Family is available.**
<br>This is a release candidate. Until the public release there are bug fixes to be expected. The release candidate is suitable for implementors, but it is not recommended to use the API with customers in productive environments.

> * The release **r1.1 - rc** is available in the [here](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/tree/r1.1), and includes the following APIs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The release **r1.1 - rc** is available in [r1.1](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/tree/r1.1), and includes the following APIs:
```

Reviewer: Alternative just: 
```suggestion
* The release r1.1 contains the following API definitions (with inline documentation):
```

> * The release **r1.1 - rc** is available in the [r1.1 branch](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/tree/r1.1), involving the following APIs:

Reviewer 2: We can change the link to cover branches or tags :)  Small wording correction.
```suggestion
* The release **r1.1 - rc** is available in the [here](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/tree/r1.1), and includes the following APIs:
```
